# KUDAPACH_TODOLIST
## First Project

* This is the first project I completed in only two weeks and I was in charge of the Back-end and Code Review.

### Deployment
* https://kudapach.com

### Presentation:
[Youtbe](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gCfj69SWNgs&feature=youtu.be&ab_channel=%EC%B6%94%EC%84%B1%EC%97%BD)

## About TODOLIST
* Planning is often a difficult task since we have so much in our minds — we think about work, our personal lives, and more. There are so much things going on in our head to the point that we sometimes forget to do something.
* But is it due to the development of services?
* It is difficult to find a service where you can simply write your plans and check your schedule. There are so many additional features.
* Obviously, there are already existing services that is only focused on basic functions. But these services have a crude design that also affects how we interact with the application. The complicated design and interface of already existing applications cause users to dislike or have a trouble navigating through the app to be able to use it; which eventually leads users to try and look for another service or just not use it at all.
* To address this issue / pain point, we have designed an application that just does that.
* A beautiful design that is patterned to the original TODOLIST function.
* Introducing KUDAPACH_TODOLIST to everyone.
## WHY KUDAPACH_TODOLIST ?
1. Straightforward and minimalistic design

2. Service that is focused on basic functions

3. Plans that can work alongside the calendar

4. Modify with various colors

## 김주희(Joo Hee Paige Kim)

### Github
[Github](https://github.com/paigekim29)
### Position
* Back-End/Code Reviewer
### Stack
* Node.js, express, Sequelize, MySQL2, React, React-Google-login, Amazon Web Services-S3, CloudFront, EC2, Elastic Load Balancer, RDS, Route53, Certificate Manager
### Contributions
* Planning
* schema configuration
* Create Router
* Sign up function(SHA 256)
* My Page function
* Setting function
* Group To Do card function
* Group Setting function
* Google-Oauth function
* Deployment through AWS
* Code Review and refactoring both front-end and back-end