#CORS, XSS

###Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS)
* an HTTP-header based mechanism that allows a server to indicate any other origins (domain, scheme, or port) than its own from which a browser should permit loading of resources. CORS also relies on a mechanism by which browsers make a "preflight" request to the server hosting the cross-origin resource, in order to check that the server will permit the actual request. In that preflight, the browser sends headers that indicate the HTTP method and headers that will be used in the actual request.

* 과거에는 원래 도메인이 다르면 요청 주고 받을 수 없게 하는 것이 웹 브라우저의 기본 정책인데 현재는 고도화된 웹 application발달로 다른 도메인의 정보공유가 빈번해졌기 때문에 CORS의 필요성이 생김

####Simple requests
* Some requests don't trigger a CORS preflight. Those are called "simple requests" in this article, though the Fetch spec (which defines CORS) doesn't use that term. A "simple request" is one that meets all the following conditions:
#####One of the allowed methods:
* GET
* HEAD
* POST

* and other requirements :[reference](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS)
#####Preflighted requests
* Unlike "simple requests" (discussed above), for "preflighted" requests the browser first sends an HTTP request using the OPTIONS method to the resource on the other origin, in order to determine if the actual request is safe to send. Cross-site requests are preflighted like this since they may have implications to user data.
* [reference](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS)


---

###Cross-site scripting (XSS)
* a security exploit which allows an attacker to inject into a website malicious client-side code. This code is executed by the victims and lets the attackers bypass access controls and impersonate users. According to the Open Web Application Security Project, XSS was the seventh most common Web app vulnerability in 2017.
* code injection 브라우저(클라이언트)에 악성 코드 삽입
* 데이터베이스에 악성코드 삽입=> SQL injection
* [reference](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Cross-site_scripting)