#Data Structure
```
자료구조       가져오기    추가하기    삭제하기
Stack         O(n)      O(1)      O(1)
Queue         O(n)      O(1)      O(1)
Linked List   O(n)      O(1)      O(1)
Hash Table    O(1)      O(1)      O(1)
```

###Linked List
- a sequence of data structures, which are connected together via links
- Each link contains a connection to another link
- Link − Each link of a linked list can store a data called an element.
- Next − Each link of a linked list contains a link to the next link called Next.
- LinkedList − A Linked List contains the connection link to the first link called First.
#####Types of Linked List
- Simple Linked List − Item navigation is forward only.
- Doubly Linked List − Items can be navigated forward and backward.
- Circular Linked List − Last item contains link of the first element as next and the first element has a link to the last element as previous.
#####Basic Operations
- Insertion − Adds an element at the beginning of the list.
- Deletion − Deletes an element at the beginning of the list.
- Display − Displays the complete list.
- Search − Searches an element using the given key.
- Delete − Deletes an element using the given key.
#####O(1) (상수 시간)의 시간 복잡도
- 어떠한 임의의 지점에 데이터의 추가와 삭제를 할 경우
- 배열 => 추가와 삭제에 대해 O(n) (선형 시간)의 복잡도

###Hash Table
- a data structure that maintains associations between two data values
- data values being associated are commonly referred to as the key and value
#####hash function
- only return numbers that are within the array bounds(0 to length -1)
- always output the same index value for a given input string and length
- maintain no memory of previously used array locations or input strings

#####hash collision
충돌해결 방법
1. open addressing
2. closure addressing
— Linked List & tuple
- any index that contains key/value pairs, will contain a bucket array
- key/ value pairs are stored in tuple arrays — where index 0 is the key and index 1 is the value

#####hash resizing
- operate most effectively when ratio of tuple count to storage array length is between 25% and 75%
######when the ratio is
→ 75%, double the size of the storage array
→ <25%, half the size of the storage array
- resizing necessitates rehashing every key as it may end up in a different bucket
- hashing function depends on the storage array size
###### while most of the time insert & remove operations are O(1), the worst case is O(n)
- →when a hash table is growing, it resizes itself and every element must be rehashed
- → possible for all keys to hash to the same bucket, which becomes a O(n) search for an item
- → the quality of the hashing algorithm is major factor in how we your tuples will be distributed within your buckets. An algorithm with more entropy will produce superior results
