##Browser
* a program that retrieves and displays pages from the Web, and lets users access further pages through hyperlinks. A browser is the most familiar type of user agent.
* When a user requests a web page from a particular website, the web browser retrieves the necessary content from a web server and then displays the page on the user’s device.
* Not the same thing as a search engine. For a user, a search engine is just a website that provides links to other websites. However, to connect to a website’s server and display its web pages, a user must have a web browser installed.
###Feature
* Allow users to set bookmarks and browse in a private mode. They also can be customized with extensions, and some of them provide a sync service.
* Allow the user to open multiple pages at the same time, either in different browser windows or in different tabs of the same window.
* Back and forward buttons to go back to the previous page visited or forward to the next one.
* A refresh or reload and a stop button to reload and cancel loading the current page. (In most browsers, the stop button is merged with the reload button.)
* A home button to return to the user’s home page.
* An address bar to input the URL of a page and display it.
* A search bar to input terms into a search engine. (In some browsers, the search bar is merged with the address bar.)
___
##Server
* a piece of computer hardware or software (computer program) that provides functionality for other programs or devices, called “clients”
* to share data as well as to share resources and distribute work
* A single server can serve multiple clients, and a single client can use multiple servers
___
##HTTP(Hypertext Transfer Protocol)
* an application-layer protocol for transmitting hypermedia documents, such as HTML. It was designed for communication between web browsers and web servers, but it can also be used for other purposes.
###Properties
* stateless: server does not keep any data (state) between two requests
* connectionless: no more connection after connection
###Request Method
* Get: requests a representation of the specified resource
* Post: sends data to the server
* Put: creates a new resource or replaces a representation of the target resource with the request payload
* Delete: deletes the specified resource

* Virtually all URLs on the Web start with either http: or https: which means the browser will retrieve them with the Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP). In the case of https:, the communication between the browser and the web server is encrypted for the purposes of security and privacy
___
##API(application programming interface (API))
* a computing interface that defines interactions between multiple software intermediaries and the kinds of calls or requests that can be made, how to make them, the data formats that should be used, the conventions to follow, etc.
* It can also provide extension mechanisms so that users can extend existing functionality in various ways and to varying degrees.
___
##AJAX (“Asynchronous JavaScript and XML”)
* Read data from a web server — after the page has loaded
* Update a web page without reloading the page
* Send data to a web server — in the background
* 도입 전에는 정적으로 렌더링이 처리가 되었지만 ajax 도입 후 부분적으로 동적 렌더링이 가능해짐
1. XMLHttpRequest ->
2. XMLHttpRequest using JQuery ->
3. Fetch API
___
##JSON(JavaScript Object Notation)
* 일반적으로 서버에서 클라이언트로 데이터를 보낼 때 사용하는 양식
* 클라이언트가 사용하는 언어에 관계 없이 통일된 데이터를 주고 받을 수 있으며 일정한 패턴을 지닌 문자열 생성해 내보내면 클라이언트는 그를 해석해 데이터를 자기만의 방식으로 온전히 저장, 표시할 수 있음
```
JSON         JSON.stringify() | JSON.parse()
Fetch API    response.json()
```
[reference](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Web_browser) \
[reference](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Browser) \
[reference](https://sungmooncho.com/2012/12/04/gmail-and-ajax/) \
[reference](https://d2.naver.com/helloworld/59361)
