# Reflection 2020.11.12


The past few weeks have definitely been a rollercoaster ride. Some days were challenging, while others were just okay. Everyday, from the moment I wake up at around 8 in the morning to the moment I fall asleep at around 1 am or 2 am, the only thoughts in my head are JavaScript and programming. During my breaks, I still find the time to review my codes. If not, then I would go over my TIL’s and review.
Week 1.
Variable, Type, Function, if statement, String, Iteration, HTML, CSS, JavaScript calculator
Week 2.
Array, Object, Primitive & Reference, Scope, Closure, Command Line, git, JavaScript koans, CSS selector, JavaScript twittler
Week 3.
Higher order function, Algorithm, Validation Check, JavaScript twittler
Week 4.
Underbar, Recursion, stringifyJSON, Weather API
I have learned so much in this program. Comparing to what I knew before starting this program, I can say that I have improved a lot. My knowledge and skills have definitely increased. Though, my self studies prior to the course paid off as well since it helped me understand the basics or the foundation of how things work. Expectedly, the pace of the lectures are increasing. I am looking forward for the hiring assessment on Monday. I really wish that I could be part of the immersive program because I think I have what it takes as long as I keep on giving my 110% everyday and just focus on learning. I won’t give up!
One of the challenging parts of the program is getting the right pair. I know that they randomly select pairs for each challenge/task, but I hope that rather than selecting randomly it would be better to pair individuals who they believe would match the other pair in terms of knowledge and skills in programming. In the past, I have been placed in situations where my pair would be lacking in terms of knowledge and communication skills. I believe that the purpose of the pair program is to expose an individual to different personalities with different skillsets, though it seemed that I have been constantly getting the personalities who would rather work alone or would be uninterested in learning or trying harder. Regardless, it is definitely a good experience to meet so many different types of people. I just hope that my future pairs would be more communicative and would find a way for both of us to learn from each other. Though, I have also met good people who I can work with after hours so I feel great to learn from others as well.
