Today, I reviewed all of the pair programming questions and the making of the calculator app with html, css, and JavaScript. My understanding is better compared to before when I first did it. I now have a better understanding of how I should write codes. And, also, with the help of my peers from last night, my terminal set up is done and super pretty!! 🥰


## Reflection

It has already been two weeks since I started the program with Code States. When I first found out about this course, I wondered whether I would be able to get in. And if I ever do, will I even be able to finish the course? With determination and the willingness to change my career path, I decided to apply to the course and let fate pave the way. In order to apply, there were several essays I needed to write. The essays discussed who I am as a person and how much I am willing to learn. Maybe it has been more than 10 years since I last wrote an essay in Korean. It was definitely a good experience for me to try and at least considering the factor that I recently decided to settle down in Korea for the meantime. After hours and days of revising my essays and recording a video introduction about myself, I felt like I went back to senior year in high school and I was once again preparing essays for college. So, when I got an acceptance from code states, I felt like I was floating in the clouds. I was so happy that my effort and hard work paid off. Ever since I got the result, I set my mission and goal to be focused and work even harder than I ever did before. So that, at least, I can get some idea about how programming works. Truly, I will not take this opportunity for granted. I will work hard and not give up.

Code States provides recorded videos for us to first to learn the concepts and the foundation. They group us into pairs so that we can do pair programming to be able to review and learn what we watched from the recorded videos. I never had remote classes and online courses before so I was a bit worried whether I could follow the course well. But, it actually works for me because they give a detailed schedule on what to do. Moreover, I can post questions on git hub and they reply back as soon as they could (in less than thirty minutes). They are really helpful and they really guide us to become future programmers.

Working in pairs is really an eye-opening experience for me. At first, I did not fully understand what the driver does nor the functions of a navigator; so, in the beginning,  my partner and I worked without assigning a role for each other. But, on my third pairing, my pair gave me an idea about how each should operate. On a daily basis, after office hours, some of us joins zoom voluntarily in order to study more. This is another helpful practice because it really helps me out a lot. This is when I can see how working in a team and having roles assigned to each person works in the programming world. Different people have different learning styles and strengths, so gathering in a group and working together really brings out the value of teamwork and I can see how this will work out once we start being part of a team of different programmers. And, during the study group after official sessions, I was able to ask questions whenever I would get stuck at any point and all of them are willing to help each other out. I never thought of having a supportive and cheerful group who can study and communicate with each other for this course. I cannot wait to learn more and get to know more people. 🤞🏻